I think if you asked me, would I rather be, you know,
interrogated in Guantanamo Bay or have a girlfriend who's obsessed with Disney
or kingdom hearts? I think I'd take one time.
I think I'd have more chance of staying sane.
I cannot stand girls who always just want to watch Disney movies. It drives me.
That's like 90%. Nah, honestly. I'm sorry for you, Joey.
That's my class. My nightmare as well. I guess I thought I was going to hate it,
but then again, I've seen so few Disney movies.
Because understandably I'm so I'm so glad that girls are moving away from that
and getting into true crime. I can get behind girls wanting to watch.
No, if anything, I would rather watch Disney movies than true crime. No, no,
no. I would have to go with the true crime,
but I don't understand hockey every morning.
I wake up to some kind of police interrogation.
[inaudible] it's a rapist today, honey, every time he's just like,
so why don't you do it? Why I don't want to,
I don't want to wake up to this it's that criminal psychology channel, right?
That I swear every gun is watching now.
Jim can't swim psychology. Yeah.
Many of them there's so many channels like that. And I'm just like, I,
cause I watched the, the,
the gym concert psychology and then my recommended was just,
it's like the new reaction to YouTube is the overreacting to interrogation.
And I'm like, what is happening? Why are we reacting to interrogation? Like,
like I get it because you watch it and you feel,
you almost feel physically suffocated. Right?
Because I remember watching some of these videos and you feel what?
You feel like a kid again, where you, you like,
you'd like stole a cookie and your mom's like, did you steal a cookie?
And you're just like, Oh, what do I say? What do I say? And it's it's,
it's like that simulator without being back in that
have like.
They have the thing, they'll pause the interrogation and be like,
this is the backward. Suplex a mental gymnastic move. And I'm like, I love it.
When my mother used to do that one to me.
Were like, this is the ultra Rigo sufficing.
Technique. And I'm like, loved it when my dad did that to me, that's a classic.
I love that one. Yeah.
Yeah. It's like, it's like being back in school, you know,
getting told off for detention.
It'd be like, we have proof and they wouldn't say the proof. And I'm like,
this is like the big mind game of school. Like we know you did it. I'm like.
Yeah. And then they would go, we don't need to show it.
Just know that we have
their pants and just seeing like good cop,
bad cop in action and seeing it actually work. And it's just, yeah.
It's it's it's I can see how you can fall down that rabbit hole and become
addictive. It's interesting. Don't get me wrong.
But every day I honestly,
I could put a watch every morning.
I couldn't do it because I was not something I want to watch.
First thing in the morning.
I would rather watch a mediocre documentary over a good movie.
That's that's you, you have programmed your brain wrong.
I like you literally have programmed your brain. What that does.
It does make sense. I just like real life stuff. Way more than like,
I don't know why I've somehow gotten into it where I just really enjoy like,
but.
Like here's the thing, because I've, I've,
I've thought about this recently where I feel like a lot of people now are more
like,
will be more willing to watch something that they don't have to pay a hundred
percent attention to.
So if you have like a really high quality movie or something that you,
that you need to like pay attention to,
you're less likely to watch that then say trash tastes, you know,
just three people Chang for two hours or like a real life documentary where
not every detail is important. You just get like the basic story. Right?
That's fine. No, I don't know. I don't know why I'm like that. I just enjoy it.
I'm sure there's people out there who have the same, like, cause on Netflix.
I think all I watch is like document.
You've watched. Every time I meet you, you watch a new documentary.
I have no idea where you find the time to do that.
I play a lot of them in the background. Yeah, that's right.
But does that count as watching it?
Some of them are, like I said, like some of them are mid,
so it's like just put it on the background and let it do its thing.
That's the one thing I've never understood is like people who say like, yeah,
I've seen like I've watched like 500 movies. I'm like, Oh, how did you watch it?
I just let her play in the background while I was like cleaning the dishes.
John is watching the movie.
I'm like typing out while I'm it's in my peripheral and I'm listening to it.
Yeah.
I dunno. I don't really count that as watching it off. That's watching.
I can't concentrate on it,
but you couldn't do that to something like pulp fiction.
No, that's why I would never treat it like that. Yeah, exactly.
I'm there with anime.
And, and I feel like doing that,
I've realized that because I've been doing that more often with YouTube videos
as well,
and I've found it harder and harder just to sit down and watch something
like it's do, do you find that like watching watch,
unless it's like a super engaging show,
like watching any standard show now it's just,
it's just 10 times harder because you just want to,
you kind of just want to skip to where the important plot points are.
Sometimes. I mean,
I've been watching some pretty good shows recently that I haven't really had
trouble with, but yeah. Sometimes I have that problem.
I'm glad I've never subjected myself to that.
Cause otherwise I'd probably be feeling the same pain,
but I don't put something on unless I have the full intent of putting a hundred
percent of my concentration into it. Oh man. Cause I, I don't know,
like I don't see the point of like working on something while something else is
playing in the background.
Cause then I'm just going to get distracted by whatever is playing.
So either way I can't concentrate on watching the thing and doing whatever.
I can't focus without some noise, but I need a nice musical. Yeah.
I mean music old puts something on his wives.
Yeah. But like, I can't have anything that's like visual on,
you know what I mean?
Like the last thing you put down that you properly concentrated on them.
Like I said, was it the boys? The boys was a good TV show. That was refunded.
That was, that was really good.
Was about that. Yeah. Yeah. I was like,
I didn't like didn't reach out my phone or anything.
I was just watching it the whole time. It was really good.
That's that's what,
that's the kind of experience I want whenever I watch something I I'm kinda
like,
cause I've been noticing I've been getting so distracted recently when watching
stuff that I just,
I enjoy it less and I missed the enjoyment I had when I guess I was a kid and
one of those people who like can't be watching something unless they have like
their phone in their hand. I didn't used to be like that.
I've slowly become that person and doing that on an amaze
hard mode man, because,
I couldn't read the subtitles and my goddess,
like trying to watch Mani when you're eating, when you're eating something.
Right. Like it's, it's, it's so difficult. I wait, I missed the one second.
The dialogue that was important because that the crunching sounds in my ears.